Search Keywords:  ngrok opensource alternatives



Alternatives to Ngrok
1
2
3
Ngrok is a popular tool for exposing local servers to the internet, but there are several alternatives available that cater to different needs, including open-source, self-hosted, and commercial options. Below are some notable alternatives:

Open-Source and Self-Hosted Alternatives

Localtunnel Localtunnel is a lightweight, open-source tunneling solution. It is easy to set up and supports custom subdomains. It is ideal for developers seeking a simple, no-frills option. Example usage:

npm install -g localtunnel
lt --port 3000
Copy
frp (Fast Reverse Proxy) frp is a feature-rich reverse proxy supporting multiple protocols like TCP, UDP, HTTP, and HTTPS. It offers load balancing, custom domains, and a dashboard for monitoring. It is suitable for robust and customizable setups.

Expose Expose is an open-source tunneling tool with real-time monitoring and request logging. It integrates seamlessly with Laravel but works with any framework. It also supports Docker for self-hosting.

sish sish is an SSH-based tunneling solution that supports HTTP, HTTPS, and TCP. It is simple to deploy and ideal for developers comfortable with SSH.

Bore Bore is a minimalistic, high-performance tunneling solution written in Rust. It is lightweight and easy to self-host, making it a great choice for developers prioritizing speed and simplicity.

Commercial Services with Free Tiers

Cloudflare Tunnel Cloudflare Tunnel (formerly Argo Tunnel) is a secure and reliable option with no bandwidth limits on its free plan. It integrates tightly with Cloudflare’s DNS and SSL services, making it ideal for enterprise-grade security.

Pinggy Pinggy is a browser-based tunneling service that requires no installation. It supports HTTPS, TCP, and WebSocket tunneling with real-time log inspection. It is perfect for quick, no-setup use cases.

Pagekite Pagekite offers stable domain names tied to your account and supports HTTP, HTTPS, and TCP. It is a reliable and cost-effective solution with flexible pricing.

Serveo Serveo is an SSH-based tunneling service that requires no installation. It supports HTTP, HTTPS, and TCP forwarding, making it a quick and easy option for developers.

Tunnelto Tunnelto focuses on team collaboration and API integrations. It supports real-time traffic inspection, custom subdomains, and TCP tunneling, making it ideal for collaborative development environments.

Choosing the Right Alternative

When selecting an alternative, consider factors like ease of use, protocol support, security features, and whether you prefer a self-hosted or managed solution. Open-source options like frp and Localtunnel are great for customization, while commercial services like Cloudflare Tunnel and Pinggy offer convenience and robust features.

